fix: Reset calculated LineItemGroupBuilder results (#13865)
shopware/platform: RELEASE_INFO-6.7.md

Additionally, the following configuration was deprecated:
* `shopware.cache.invalidation.http_cache`

> ### Added ResetInterface to LineItemGroupBuilder

Reviewer: we do not need to document bugfixes in the release information. only relevant stuff for other developers

Additionally, the following configuration was deprecated:
* `shopware.cache.invalidation.http_cache`

### Added ResetInterface to LineItemGroupBuilder

> For performance reasons, `LineItemGroupBuilder` calculates and stores the results of `LineItemGroupBuilderResult`'s. Problems may occur when adding or removing line items. The calculated results may then be incorrect. Therefore, the results are reset when a line item is added or removed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The in-memory cache of the LineItemGroupBuilder is reset whenever a line item is added or removed.
For performance reasons, the `LineItemGroupBuilder` calculates and stores the results of the `LineItemGroupBuilderResults`. If the cache is not reset, as was the case previously, this could lead to incorrect calculations when adding or removing line items.
```
